README.md, before:

# Psyc

What is it?
---
Psyc is a minimalistic **note-taking app**, a **to-do manager**, and a **desktop widget utitlity** for Linux. And yes, Psyc has **markdown parsing capabilities**!

Widgets
---
Pysc has following widgets yet:
1. Pomodoro timer
2. Digital clock
3. Analog clock
4. Wikitionary portal
5. Dictionary

Cloud backup
---
Pysc supports cloud backup and retrieval. And we are working to get other features like multi-device sync to Psyc.

Features planned
---
A ~~todo manager~~, reminders, and integration of clipboard sharing capabilities ([UniClip](http://piyushagade.xyz/uniclip)).

General keyboard shortcuts
---
Description            | Keys
-----------------------| -----------------------
Add new note            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>A</kbd>
Toggle edit mode   | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>Enter</kbd>
Exit edit mode   | <kbd>Esc</kbd>
Show keyboard shortcuts   | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>K</kbd>
Lock note   | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>L</kbd>
Open dictionary   | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>D</kbd>
Quit Pysc   | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>Q</kbd>

To-Do mode shortcuts
---
Description            | Keys
-----------------------| -----------------------
Focus on the input textbox            | <kbd>Tab</kbd> or <kbd>Alt</kbd>
Add new item   | <kbd>Enter</kbd>

Widgets shortcuts
---
Description            | Keys
-----------------------| -----------------------
Change theme background            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>b</kbd>
Change theme font            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>f</kbd>
Change font color            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>t</kbd>

Collaboration
---
We would love to have collaborators contribute to this project or any other of our projects. Email us at piyushagade@gmail.com

Download
---
Since, the app is still under development and is improving on daily basis, making an executable available for download at this time seems inappropriate. However, if someone wishes to try out the app, please email me, and I will generate a package and email it back.

Screenshots
---

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/p9nUNaa.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/3VXEoNd.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/fQ9GMMn.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/D9KIxra.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/U97kkgG.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Mt8kkfZ.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/r0hNxOp.png"/>

Commit message:

Bug fixes, Alarm for important items fully implemented

README.md, after:

# Psyc

What is it?
---
Psyc is a minimalistic **note-taking app**, a **to-do manager**, and a **desktop widget utitlity** for Linux. And yes, Psyc has **markdown parsing capabilities**!


Notes taking features
---
1. Take notes in markdown format
2. Use available markdown templates from the menu
3. Protect note with a 4-digit PIN
4. Backup to cloud
5. Theme colors

To-do managing features
---
1. Mark/unmark items in your list by clicking on them
2. Make important items standout by typing '!' before the item while inserting the item in the list
3. A timely alarm will remind you of priority items 
4. Backup to cloud
5. Changeable 'Grid view'
6. Protect note with a 4-digit PIN
7. Theme colors

Desktop widgets
---
Pysc has following widgets yet:
1. Pomodoro timer
2. Digital clock
3. Analog clock
4. Wikitionary portal
5. Dictionary

Cloud backup
---
Pysc supports cloud backup and retrieval. And we are working to get other features like multi-device sync to Psyc.

Features planned
---
A ~~todo manager~~, ~~reminders~~, and integration of clipboard sharing capabilities ([UniClip](http://piyushagade.xyz/uniclip)).
 
General keyboard shortcuts
---
Description            | Keys
-----------------------| -----------------------
Add new note            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>A</kbd>
Toggle edit mode   | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>Enter</kbd>
Exit edit mode   | <kbd>Esc</kbd>
Show keyboard shortcuts   | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>K</kbd>
Lock note   | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>L</kbd>
Open dictionary   | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>D</kbd>
Quit Pysc   | <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>Q</kbd>

To-Do mode shortcuts
---
Description            | Keys
-----------------------| -----------------------
Focus on the input textbox            | <kbd>Tab</kbd> or <kbd>Alt</kbd>
Add new item   | <kbd>Enter</kbd>

Widgets shortcuts
---
Description            | Keys
-----------------------| -----------------------
Change theme background            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>b</kbd>
Change theme font            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>f</kbd>
Change font color            | <kbd>Alt</kbd> <kbd>t</kbd>

Collaboration
---
We would love to have collaborators contribute to this project or any other of our projects. Email us at piyushagade@gmail.com

Download
---
Since, the app is still under development and is improving on daily basis, making an executable available for download at this time seems inappropriate. However, if someone wishes to try out the app, please email me, and I will generate a package and email it back.

Screenshots
---

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/p9nUNaa.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/3VXEoNd.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/fQ9GMMn.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/D9KIxra.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/U97kkgG.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/Mt8kkfZ.png"/>

<img src="http://i.imgur.com/r0hNxOp.png"/>
